4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-platforms-linux-native-wayland-sub-window-support.md

---
type: entry
section: platforms
subsection: linux
rank: 0
importance: 2
anchor: native-wayland-sub-window-support
title: Native Wayland sub-window support

> blockquote: One step closer to Wayland game embedding

Reviewer: I'm a bit late, sorry again for this.

As we discussed on RC, we could reword the blockquote to something not mentioning game embedding, to avoid mentioning it too much (and potentially confusing people). Again, **not critical** but I'd like to propose a bunch of quips that hopefully fit the theme, in order of personal preference.

1. A window is worth a thousand words
2. Popping up in a compositor near you
3. Multitasking all the Wayland

I'm not a great writer so if those don't click feel free to keep it as is.

text: |

>   Game embedding is coming for Wayland. But the support for sub-windows was an important (and not a small) hurdle to cross in order to achieve this in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Game embedding is coming to Wayland. But the support for sub-windows was an important (and not a small) hurdle to cross in order to be able to achieve this.
```

Reviewer 3: I'm unclear - is game window embedding available in Wayland in 4.5?

Reviewer 4: Not yet, it still requires:
* https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/107435

Reviewer 3: Thanks. In that case, I wouldn't start with "Game embedding is coming to Wayland." Maybe something like:

Godot can now spawn new independent sub-windows when running on Wayland natively. Game window embedding in the editor is not yet available for Wayland, but will be coming soon.

Author: I wanted to tell people that sub-windows were a needed stepping stone towards game embedding. 

> Godot can now spawn new independent sub-windows when running on Wayland natively. Game window embedding in the editor is not yet available for Wayland, but will be coming soon.

I don't know if it tells the same story here.

Reviewer 3: You're right. How about:

Godot can now spawn new independent sub-windows when running on Wayland natively. This should lead to editor game window embedding in Wayland in a future release.

>   Sub-window support means that Godot can now spawn new independent windows when running on Wayland natively.

Reviewer: Additionally I'd roughly swap the paragraphs, like this:

```plain
  Sub-window support means that Godot can now spawn new independent windows when running on Wayland natively.
  
  This was also an important (and not a small) hurdle to cross in order to achieve game embedding in the future, which is already being worked on in [this PR](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/107435).
```
